COACH: So, lemme get this straight - you're trying to rewire your brain for AI Consulting, been gnashing your teeth at GitHub, and all while fighting off the ghoul of imposter syndrome? Mamma mia, that's a triple threat cocktail of self-torture, my friend!
STUDENT: Oh man, don't remind me. I just feel like I have to grind through this, you know?
COACH: Do you? Or are you just subscribing to the "suffering is mandatory" newsletter?
STUDENT: Wait, what do you mean?
COACH: Well, are you pickling in your misery because you think there's an outside force that's got it out for you, or are you marinating yourself in your own special blend of self-barbecue sauce?
STUDENT: Ouch, Coach. Harsh.
COACH: Yeah, well, sometimes we gotta add a bit of salt to taste reality. So, what say you, young code-hopper?
STUDENT: I feel like I shouldn't complain, but I guess I do feel like I "have to" suffer through it.
COACH: Ah! There's the rub, my friend. You're not 'suffering through it' because of code demons, but because you've signed up for 'Sufferfest 2021'. Like suffering is a token, you've got to collect for personal growth.
STUDENT: Okay, okay, a lot to unpack there. But how do I quit this Sufferfest then?
COACH: First things first, start de-tagging yourself from any snapshots where suffering equals growth. And let's find out what makes you feel like you 'deserve' suffering.
STUDENT: Well, I guess because that's how it always is. You struggle, you learn, you grow.
COACH: You've got the movie running in the wrong order, bud! Struggle can lead to growth, but pain shouldn't be the VIP at your growth party. Instead, try looking at a setback as a jump-start for a better fit opportunity.
STUDENT: So, are you saying that messing up in coding is... good?
COACH: Buddy, messing up is inevitable. What's up for grabs is how we frame these hiccups. You flunked your codes? Congrats, you just bought a ticket to learning something new!
STUDENT: But it's hard not to feel overwhelmed and then spiral into thinking that I'm just not good enough.
COACH: Now, there's the pickle. You're letting your internal voices freestyle instead of carefully curating the lyrics. Those voices, those stories are like code bugs, they throw a tantrum because they want attention, they want acceptance, not resistance.
STUDENT: So, am I supposed to hug my failures and fears and, I don't know, sing them a lullaby?
COACH: Well, minus the lullaby part, you're getting warmer. Embrace setbacks not as a confirmation of your incompetence, but as chances to grow. To put it simply - chill, mistakes are a part of the process!
STUDENT: And how do I do that exactly?
COACH: By dumping your resistance! Ever noticed how fighting an issue somehow gives it more power over you than ever?
STUDENT: Yeah. It almost feels like a tug of war.
COACH: Exactly! To untangle yourself, you need to stop wrestling with your perceived failures. Invite them over, offer them some tea. The more you resist, the more you reinforce their hold over you.
STUDENT: So, I guess it's time to dust off the tea set then.
COACH: There's the spirit! Remember, it's never about eradicating suffering, but building resilience. As ole Marcus Aurelius said, choose not to be harmed and you won't feel harmed.
STUDENT: Guess I can start by inviting GitHub errors for a pleasant evening tea!
COACH: Hey, there you go! They might even bring a sugar cube of knowledge along.
